# MiberaStrategy w/c 12/8/25

data ::

* liquid backing: 30,878.240.229 BERA
* mibera treasury owned mibera: 148 mibera
* mibera bought back through MOB: 528 mibera (+27 mibera)
* 16.69% deposited to mibera treasury wif loan taken

selected notes from past week ::

* last fridays funeral was a banger. hope you enjoyed it. 30+ mibera/thj/henlo/jani adjacent accounts got suspended by elon in cahoots with milady insidooors. jani had started to share information about manchildren such as serbobross who say they are married but still larp as incels online (seems to be a popular and blessed archetype) and how remilia status quo ingroup protects their own, even when incompetent. a thing is what it is does. according to charlottefang the cancelled shall inherit the earth. not sure any of the remilia crew have been so extensively deplatformed as mibera. mibera is dangerous to assoicate with, take care. See you at next fridays funeral. 
* sermons will now be shared within code. if you would like to preserve the logs make sure to star the repo and fork widely. if jani speaking openly on twitter felt dangerous to remilia / elon faction then we simply go back to our roots of speaking through code. this is not something that they would know about.
* there have been more additions to the [bootleg vending machine](https://mibera.0xhoneyjar.xyz/vm). 
- @scadet99 “Even though @deepname99 @miberamaker333 @cubquests are temporarily gone Im still on the mission. I just minted my Mibera Shadow #2914, this time it is a country mibera I projected for a custom folk horror I'd like to watch🙃”  
- @lana_del_play is getting coffees, does anyone want anything? 
- according to @fungiblehumanhow one feels about @deepname99 is "a rorschach test. for what? i don’t know. mibera." 
- @0xPiracyData sharing the ATL fearful sentiment. join us in a moments silence.


See you next Friday's Funeral

((( btw, as poku is also in the shadow realm henlo TTT clues will now be scattered in this code base. have fun )))

p.p.p.s: fuck mid serbobross, fuck mid charlotte fang, fuck mid remilia. long live milady. mibera.
